# Expense-Tracking-Management-System
A simple but powerful PHP script to manage your expenses with multi-user level and permission.  Our expense management system designed to help individual or business budget, track and possibly control your expenses. It supports tracking of both your expenses and income.  READ ALSO: Online Exam Android App with Admin Panel  This expense management system provides an integrated set of features to help you to manage your expenses and cash flow. It provides the ability to group your income/expenses into categories and lets you set a budget and track expenses in the category.  this is an updated version of Expense tracker to track the way you spend your income. It's simple to use. I have enabled modal    READ ALSO: Task Reminder app with Free Sourcecode  Feature List Manage Expense Manage Income Manage Expense Category Manage Income Category Filter by date range Sorting &amp; Pagination Support Multi-user level to Manage the system User Login &amp; Management Included Set different permission for different user type Custom CRUD can be added easliy Easy to customize READ ALSO: Customer Relationship Management System  User Credentials &amp; Demo Link UserName: admin Password: 123456 It has the following functionalities: You can create an expense category You can enter your expenses You can see your balance as you spend on the fly You can delete an expense You can edit expense category.  It's simple to install and use. The is no changes in the database.    READ ALSO: An E-Commerce Website with free Source Codes. LOGIN/REGISTER TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE SOURCECODES BELOW    For more information about the system. You can contact me @  Email –geeksourcecodes@gmail.com Mobile No. – +254714643906 Or feel free to comment below.  SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE CHANNEL BELOW TO WATCH MORE VIDEOS
